caroli Amar'e Stoudemire looks homeless
Jalen Rose you're not very good at your
new job your command of the language is
poor your analysis is subpar your theory
or 'ti to your peer whatever I would
kill my parents if they named me Paul
George
that's the ugly-ass name white how it
where it's panties with leg warmers
Jeremy Lin need to get the weight room
you need to get the spellcheck
DeAndre Jordan sucks my I put two blue
Swarovski gems of my bed and I swear to
god it looks just like Bill Simmons
thank you
Michael carter-williams is all hype dude
is straight-up awful Wow Chris Paul has
Rice Krispies in that legend Kris
Humphries you you're so pathetic
seriously kill yourself please xx
Nate Robinson can't do a pick-and-roll
properly he can't see over anybody
technically that's true
Stefan Curry's facial hair is a little
pubie on the subject your teeth need
some work come on man come on
DeMarcus Cousins is an emotional lesbian
if anything ever happens to the guy that
does the voice of cookie master I can
sleep
[Applause]
[Music]